Fix: Markdoc v0.4.0 docs (#7593)
withastro/astro: packages/integrations/markdoc/README.md

{% /aside %}
```

### Use Astro components from npm packages and TypeScript files

> You may need to use Astro components from TypeScript or JavaScript files with named imports. This is common when using npm packages and design systems.

Reviewer: Nit: I’ll let you decide if this is better or if you prefer your version.
```suggestion
You may need to use Astro components exposed as named exports from TypeScript or JavaScript files. This is common when using npm packages and design systems.
```

> You can pass the import name as the second argument to the `component()` function like so:

Reviewer: No need for the “like so” here:
```suggestion
You can pass the import name as the second argument to the `component()` function:
```
